Clarify mutual exclusivity of Azure scale set auto-join parameters (#5750)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/cloud-auto-join.html.md

- `tag_name` - the name of the tag to auto-join on.
- `tag_value` - the value of the tag to auto-join on.

> Use these configuration parameters (and not `tag_name` and `tag_value`) when using Virtual Machine Scale Sets (Consul 1.0.3 and later):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these configuration parameters (instead of `tag_name` and `tag_value`) when using Virtual Machine Scale Sets (Consul 1.0.3 and later):
```

Author: I like it! I'll get it done by EOD!
